# SE3330-IntermediateSoftwareProject
University project to develop an applications using the agile software process methodology. This is a 2D colony simulation gaming using XNA and MonoGame frameworks written in C#

Team Name:    C#-er Than You
Project Name: Diode Dominion
Team Members: Brandon Bonebrake, Faith Beuhler, Timothy Facklam, Melynda Vang, Jackson Hemming
Last Update: 05/06/2021

Run Instructions:
- Go to "Diode Dominion" folder -> "bin" -> "x64" -> "Debug" -> run "Diode Dominion.exe"
	- This folder can be generated by compiling the program
- All of the files/folders that are located in this folder are required to execute the program

Build Instrutions:
- Use visual studio 2019
	- VS 2017 use to have a download, but microsoft has since removed it

- Install XNA from here: https://flatredball.com/visual-studio-2019-xna-setup/
	- Follow the instructions on the website in order

- Install Monogame from here: https://www.monogame.net/downloads/
	
- Once that is done, the project should be able to be compiled from Visual Studio.

List of Files Needed to Run:
- None

Assumptions about Locations of Documents on the Network:
- None

Known Bugs:
- There's a seed that causes the game world to be made up of mostly water tiles and some mountain tiles with glitches between grass and water tiles that don't move.
    - This bug couldn't be fixed because this situation is hard to reproduce since it rarely occured and the seed wasn't recorded each time we ran the program.
- Sometimes trees spawn outside of the map boundaries or on water/mountain tiles.
    - Technically the trees don't spawn on top of water/mountain tiles or out of bounds, but they just look like they do.
- Sometimes the weapons and tools are spawned in water/mountain tiles.
    - We didn't have enough time to create generators for each item/weapon/tool.
- Sometimes when colonists or animals are trying to avoid water/mountain tiles, they get stuck between those specific type of tiles and their movement loops them to keep moving back and forth between the same locations for a while before they just move to the location.
    - This bug couldn't be fixed because we didn't have enough time to look deeper into the pathfinding and test it more.
- Sometimes the animals still walk on water/mountain tiles.
    - This bug couldn't be fixed because we didn't have enough time to look deeper into the pathfinding and test it more.

Known Design Deficiencies:
- How we draw is inverted compared to .Net, but it's more manageable.
- Sometimes colonists may have the same name. This was due to time constraints.
- The framework was bareboned, so we had to make everything in the game screens (buttons and containers).

Running Tests:
1. Open the Diode Dominion project in Visual Studio 2019.
2. On the top toolbar, go to Test -> Run All Tests
3. Verify that each test's icon is a green checkmark.
